Docs review (#6801)
Particular/docs.particular.net: servicepulse/intro-pending-retries.md

![Queue Filter](images/pending-retries-filter-queues.png 'width=500')

> Detailed information about the message, such as failure timestamp, endpoint, stack trace of the error, etc., is displayed in the same manner as on the [Failed Messages](intro-failed-messages.md) page providing additional informtaion about [redirects](/servicepulse/redirect.md) if one is created for this queue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Detailed information about the message, such as the failure timestamp, endpoint, stack trace of the error, etc., is displayed in the same manner as on the [Failed Messages](intro-failed-messages.md) page, which provides additional information about [redirects](/servicepulse/redirect.md) if one is created for this queue.
```

Author: @johnsimons your suggestion implies the that additional information is available on the FailedMessages page, but that is not the case.

```suggestion
Detailed information about the message, such as the failure timestamp, endpoint, stack trace of the error, etc., is displayed in the same manner as on the [Failed Messages](intro-failed-messages.md) page, additionally providing information about [redirects](/servicepulse/redirect.md) if one is created for this queue.
```
